Add usage clarifications to docs/features/unicode.md (#26156)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/features/unicode.md

## Usage {#usage}

The core Unicode API can be used purely programmatically. However, there are also additional subsystems which build on top of it and come with keycodes to make things easier. See [below](#input-subsystems) for more details.

To start, add the following to your keymap's `rules.mk`:

```make
UNICODE_COMMON = yes
```

## Basic Configuration {#basic-configuration}

> The following options can be set/overriden in your `config.h`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following options can be set or overridden in your `config.h`:
```

|`UNICODE_CYCLE_PERSIST` |`true`            |Whether to persist the current Unicode input mode to EEPROM                     |
|`UNICODE_TYPE_DELAY`    |`10`              |The amount of time to wait, in milliseconds, between Unicode sequence keystrokes|

The default values work well for most use cases, so users usually only need to define `UNICODE_SELECTED_MODES` to set their desired input modes.

> However, if you plan on switching input modes manually (see [keycodes](#keycodes) below) and don't plan on cycling through them, this definition can be omitted as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you plan on switching input modes manually (see [keycodes](#keycodes) below) and don't plan on cycling through them, this definition can be omitted.
```
